Receiving unrequested Objects (#1112)
moq-wg/moq-transport: draft-ietf-moq-transport.md

response to a PUBLISH. The peer SHOULD close the session with a protocol error
if it receives more than one.

> Publishers MAY start sending Objects on PUBLISH-initiated subscriptions before
> receiving a PUBLISH_OK response to reduce latency.  Doing so can consume
> unnecessary resources in cases where the Subscriber rejects the subscription
> with PUBLISH_ERROR or sets Forward State=0 in PUBLISH_OK.

Author: ```suggestion
Publishers MAY start sending Objects on PUBLISH-initiated subscriptions before
receiving a PUBLISH_OK response to reduce latency.  Doing so can consume
unnecessary resources in cases where the Subscriber rejects the subscription
with PUBLISH_ERROR or sets Forward State=0 in PUBLISH_OK. It can also result in
the Subscriber dropping Objects if its buffering limits are exceeded (see
{{datagrams}} and {{subgroup-header}}).
```

> with PUBLISH_ERROR or sets Forward State=0 in PUBLISH_OK.

Author: @vasilvv updated, PTAL

> Publishers SHOULD only send Objects belonging to Tracks of interest to the
> subscriber, as indicated by a SUBSCRIBE, FETCH or PUBLISH_OK message.
> Publishers with out-of-band knowledge of subscriber interest MAY begin sending
> Objects on PUBLISH initiated subscriptions before receiving PUBLISH_OK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Publishers SHOULD only send Objects for Tracks explicitly requested by the subscriber through a SUBSCRIBE, FETCH, or PUBLISH_OK message. However, Publishers with out-of-band knowledge of likely subscriber interest MAY start sending Objects on PUBLISH-initiated subscriptions before receiving a PUBLISH_OK response.
```

response to a PUBLISH. The peer SHOULD close the session with a protocol error
if it receives more than one.

Publishers SHOULD only send Objects for Tracks explicitly requested by the
subscriber through a SUBSCRIBE or FETCH message, or acknowledged in a PUBLISH_OK

> message. However, Publishers with out-of-band knowledge of likely subscriber

Reviewer 2: I think this is phrased the wrong way - this sounds like it say you should not do X unless you have a unicorn in which case you should do X. 

I think it would be clearer to describe all this as the applications using the relays knows if it makes sense for the publisher to start sending data before the publish OK or not. And it can do either as it makes sense for that applications use case. Relays MUST be prepared to receive data before a publish OK
